so I've been watching some Joey carb
strong videos first of all he just says
the same thing in every video you think
good thing to know is that we have power
in what happens to these animals in our
life so you can stop the cruelty in your
life and the only way to do that is by
going vegan
it's not about animal cruelty it's about
animal use they're slaves at the end of
the day we use them for our pleasure and
we don't need to it's unnecessary we're
just trying to show compassion you know
in a world that doesn't care about
animals you know it's the same point
over and over again it's like oh so you
don't like cruelty in your meat and then
it's like other thing he says is well
why would you do it if it's not
necessary this guy he's like one of the
kings of crazy vegan psycho eyes and
it's this look like you're ready to
[ __ ] kill someone and you'll notice
it a lot with vegans you know because
they're so malnourished with their
cholesterol deficiency and their body
wants them to kill something and they
just have this aura of you know ready to
burst out and violence at any moment and
they're just like holding it back like
at all times when I found out the truth
I had to say something about it I'm to
say like look look what's happening to
these animals you know I couldn't stay
Saul and Wow well this injustice was
happening it's just not me
it's not me it's the same thing in every
video he's like he's like looking like
this like okay alright and it's like
every point that the person he's
debating makes he's just like it's so
mad every time and he's like talking to
them like he's some sort of like
Inquisitor
and yet caught with a gun and you go to
jail that's just the way it isn't so
there was the longest time in the last
12 years that I've been so before when I
got out I was on parole I was forced to
be sober about a month of being out I
always had this seed planted in my head
about veganism I was having a
conversation with my mum about smoking
you shouldn't be smoking you know I
thought I was this beacon of light since
I've been forced to be sober and I was
criticizing her and she said you know
there's a lot of biases people have that
they don't change and when she said that
I reflected and when I reflected I
thought you know I've always known that
it's hypocritical of me to say that I
care about animals but you know there's
this cow piece of a cow who'd probably
suffered greatly been bought gunned in
the head on my plate and I changed right
there and then I changed spontaneously
the next day I went for vegan and that
was the beginning of my activist journey
he's just bursting with anger you know
I'm not gonna dwell on this just go to
his channel Joey carbs strong you'll see
it and he's like an [ __ ] he's talking
to them like a cop or something you know
this is the type of guy that if he could
get away with it he would like kill you
for eating me like I seriously think he
would like I'm not even joking like I'm
sure you can tell if you watch his
videos like he would [ __ ] like he
would do like you know round up all the
meat-eaters and kill them all like if
you refuse to go vegan like he's he's
that guy and of course there's armies of
these guys everywhere we will slowly
create a movement and once we get a
movement all right once the ball starts
rolling it will start snowballing and
we'll reach a tipping point sooner or
later it might not be in my lifetime but
the groundwork will be done I don't like
when you say you want to watch the world
burn
I don't want to watch the world burn I'm
being defy it don't do this to yourself
don't get yourself into this sort of
cholesterol deficient state where your
body is just like pumping violence
through your veins
to force you to kill something for me
personally I have to say
medically a vegan diet is great from the
standpoint of the environment I gotta
tell you every time I go back to my
childhood home in Fargo North Dakota
I see acre after acre planted with feed
grains for cows and pigs and chickens
and what that means is a lot of
irrigation pesticides a lot of
fertilizer it's not doing the
environment any good at all and finally
ethics has to be really I posted
everything that we're doing and if you
could be healthy and eat well and leave
the animals off your plate they're gonna
be a whole lot better off it's like you
don't want it you don't want to live
like this guy just like he finds people
on the street and just like interrogate
them and tries to break him down I
encourage everyone who watched Joey's
harvester on videos because it's really
a window into psychosis caused by
veganism both nutritionally as well as
doctrinally dogmatically it's like a
combination of like fanatic like this
guy is a fanatic he's like a [ __ ]
jihadi or something like he would
[ __ ] go on jihad for the animals and
just like kill us and you can see it in
his eyes I'm not taking it anymore
I don't like when you say you want to
watch the world burn I don't want to
watch the world burn I'm being defiant
I'm being independent I am an
independent artist I am an important
artist and I make art therefore my
opinion matters